Added learning outcomes for Technology and Tooling materials (#181)
UNIVERSE-HPC/course-material: technology_and_tooling/best_practices/code_style_python.md

name: Code Style
dependsOn: []
tags: [python]
learningOutcomes:

>   - Understand the benefits of following community coding conventions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Understand the benefits of following community code style conventions.
  - Know some common Python code style conventions
```

attribution:
  - citation: >
      This material was edited from the original in "Intermediate Research Software
      Development Skills" hosted by the Carpentries Incubator.
    url: https://carpentries-incubator.github.io/python-intermediate-development/
    image: https://carpentries-incubator.org/assets/img/carpentries-incubator.svg
    license: CC-BY-4.0
---

> :::callout

Reviewer: can you please also remove this callout (its a remnant from before we had the attribution metadata)

Reviewer 2: Thanks for highlighting this @martinjrobins, this has been fixed in 9b68c01.
